[FCE-1172] Add links to Room Manager (and clarify various things) (#90)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: docs/glossary.md

### Fishjam URL

> URL to your Fishjam instance. It is used by your backend server to add peers to rooms (and create rooms). It is also used by end client apps to join rooms.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** not sure about that one
```suggestion
URL to your Fishjam instance. It is used by your backend server to add peers to rooms (and create rooms). It is also used by the end client apps to join rooms.
```

### Room Manager

> Our test app available **only** on Sandbox environment. It allows to test Fishjam without need to add create rooms functionality on your backend. You can find our more details [here](/room-manager).

Reviewer: **issue:** 
```suggestion
Our test app is available **only** on the Sandbox environment. It allows to test Fishjam without the need to add room creation functionality on your backend. You can find more details [here](/room-manager).
```
